today I'm gonna show you how to take a
chevy suburban or tahoe and show you how
to increase its gas mileage by 10% and
all it's gonna cost you is around $18
what we're gonna do is focus on this the
air cleaner to replace the air filter
simply open up the latches which around
either side here see that they just pop
right up and take off the lid next
remove the air filter just slip it right
out you can see there's a hole right
here that mates with that opening that
goes in to the injector system next
we're gonna put the air filter in and
make sure that you put this opening on
to that hole it's very easy because the
other end is blocked up to make it even
easier to put the air filter in you may
just lift it out of its case right there
and slip the air filter right onto after
you put the air filter onto the housing
here I'm gonna slip it back into the
container
you're gonna make sure that it fits
right in with the tabs and place it in
next we take the cover and you can see
that there's some teeth here and they
fit right into the housing there so you
just slip it in
and lay it down okay we've put the club
close the cover on and all we have to do
is take the clip slide it over the top
there and then push down and you'll do
the same with the one in the back just
by replacing this filter you can save
10% what is 10% mean well in the city
this means another almost mile and a
half on the highway at least two miles
per gallon and what head all set means
is saving 10% on a tank full of gas
you'll pay for this air filter with a
little less than two fillings after that
all the rest of the money goes right
into your pocket